Remove leftover TODO from stored procs guide (#1661)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/migration/tools/migrating-from-stored-procedures/4-mapping-deletes.md

In a dbt model, you’ll need to first identify the records that should be deleted and then filter them out. There are really two primary ways you might translate this query:

```sql

> SELECT * FROM {{ ref(`stg_orders`) }} WHERE order_status IS NOT NULL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SELECT * FROM {{ ref('stg_orders') }} WHERE order_status IS NOT NULL
```

            ELSE false
        END AS to_delete

>     FROM {{ ref(`stg_orders`) }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    FROM {{ ref('stg_orders') }}
```
